Appendix/cat auth pachinko (#64)
MrLongbottom/P10-Article: sections/appendix/cat_auth_pachinko.tex

\subsection{Category and Author Pachinko}\label{app:cat_auth_pachinko}

> Given the good results of the taxonomy \gls{pam}, we decided to also test \gls{pam} with the two other metadata fields: author and category.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given the good results of the taxonomy \gls{pam}, we decided to test \gls{pam} with the two other metadata fields: Author and Category.
```

These metadata are not layered and can therefore not utilize the layered nature of \gls{pam} in the same way.

> Instead a four-layer \gls{pam} will be used, with a root layer, a metadata layer where words are locked into topics using the technique outlined in \autoref{sec:appendix/locking}, a layer with 90 'blank' topics, and a word layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, a four-layer \gls{pam} will be used, with a root layer, a metadata layer where words are locked into topics using the technique outlined in \autoref{sec:appendix/locking}, a layer with 90 'blank' topics, and a word layer.
```

> As can be seen from the results in \autoref{tab:cat_auth_pachinko_results}, these models achieve greater results than the previous author and category models and \gls{lda} model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As can be seen from the results in \autoref{tab:cat_auth_pachinko_results}, these models achieve greater results than the previous Author and Category models and \gls{lda} model.
```

> As can be seen from the results in \autoref{tab:cat_auth_pachinko_results}, these models achieve greater results than the previous author and category models and \gls{lda} model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As can be seen from the results in \autoref{tab:cat_auth_pachinko_results}, these models achieve better results than the previous author and category models and the \gls{lda} model.
```

> However the taxonomy \gls{pam} does do better.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the taxonomy \gls{pam} is still better overall.
```

> The same conlusion is reached after manual inspection of the topics of these models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same conclusion is reached after manual inspection of the topics of these models.
```
hvad? hvilken conclusion? beskriv hvad vi concludere

\begin{table}[h]
	\centering
	\caption{Topic Coherence ($C_v$) comparison of author and category \gls{pam} (marked with bold) and previous models.}

> 	\begin{tabular}{l|c|c|c}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	\begin{tabular}{l|c}
```

		Topic Model & \makecell{Topic \\ Coherence} \\
		\midrule
		Taxonomy \acrlong{pam} & 0.660 \\
		Author-Topic \acrlong{lda} model & 0.335 \\
		Category-Topic \acrlong{lda} model & 0.370 \\
		\acrfull{lda} model & 0.520 \\
		\textbf{Author \acrlong{pam}} & \textbf{0.598} \\

> 		\textbf{Category \acrlong{pam}} & \textbf{0.585} \\

Reviewer 2: Jeg ville nok også rykke dem rundt så rækkefølgen passer med vores anden resultattabel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		\acrfull{lda} model & 0.520 \\
		Author-Topic \acrlong{lda} model & 0.335 \\
		Category-Topic \acrlong{lda} model & 0.370 \\
		Taxonomy \acrlong{pam} & 0.660 \\
		\textbf{Author \acrlong{pam}} & \textbf{0.598} \\
		\textbf{Category \acrlong{pam}} & \textbf{0.585} \\
```
Det var vidst det her jeg tænkte.
